feat: alternative setup with babel/typescript (#317)
thymikee/jest-preset-angular: CHANGELOG.md

## Changelog (master)

### v8.1.0

#### Features

> * Add preset `babel` as transpilation alternative to `ts-jest` ([#317](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/pull/317)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Expose a new preset `jest-preset-angular/build/babel` for transforming files with Babel instead of `ts-jest` ([#317](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/pull/317)).
```
Side note: would be nice if we could get rid of `build` part, just `jest-preset-angular/babel` – easy enough with re-exporting from top-level.

Author: I agree. Maybe we can just publish the `build` folder with the `package.json`? Have to check out how other projects solve this.

#### Migration Guide

> * The preset reference in the jest config has to be updated from `"jest-preset-angular"` to `"jest-preset-angular/build/ts-jest"`. To use babel, replace `ts-jest` with `babel`. Furthermore, when using `ts-jest`, it has to be added as `devDependency` to the project, or `babel` packages alternatively (see README.md).

Reviewer: This is not relevant now
